# Information Security and Quality Assurance Projects - Metric \ Imperial Converter

### _User stories_

1. I will help prevent the client from trying to guess(sniff) the MIME type.
2. I will prevent cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks.
3. I can GET /api/convert with a single parameter containing an accepted number and unit and have it converted.
4. I can convert 'gal' to 'L' and vice versa. (1 gal to 3.78541 L)
5. I can convert 'lbs' to 'kg' and vice versa. (1 lbs to 0.453592 kg)
6. I can convert 'mi' to 'km' and vice versa. (1 mi to 1.60934 km)
7. If my unit of measurement is invalid, returned will be 'invalid unit'.
8. If my number is invalid, returned with will 'invalid number'.
9. If both are invalid, return will be 'invalid number and unit'.
10. I can use fractions, decimals or both in my parameter(ie. 5, 1/2, 2.5/6), but if nothing is provided it will default to 1.
11. My return will consist of the initNum, initUnit, returnNum, returnUnit, and string spelling out units in format {initNum} {initial_Units} converts to {returnNum} {return_Units} with the result rounded to 5 decimals.
12. All 16 unit tests are complete and passing.
13. All 5 functional tests are complete and passing.

#### Companion app to test with
- https://pricey-hugger.glitch.me/

  <br>
  <br>
  <br>
  <br>

### _Technology and how it was used_

#### Security features (Helmet JS)
    WHAT: xssFilter
    - HOW: Prevents XSS acctcks via header setting.
        - WHY: Cross-site scripting, abbreviated to “XSS”, is a way attackers gain control over the users browser with Javascript. Once they have control they can: log your actions, impersonate you, steal your authentication cookies, and much more.
    WHAT: noSniff
    - HOW: Helps prevent browsers from trying to guess (“sniff”) the MIME type of a file.
        - WHY: If the browser does “MIME sniffing”, it will look at the contents of the file, decide if it looks like JavaScript, and execute it if so. This means that a server can send the wrong Content-Type and JavaScript can still get executed. For example A user could upload an image with the .jpg file extension but its contents are actually HTML. Visiting that image could cause the browser to “run” the HTML page, which could contain malicious JavaScript!

#### Back-End features (Node + Express)

    - GET conversion handler to process data.

#### Front-End features (HTML + AJAX + BOOTSTRAP)

    - Front-End > Back-End communication via AJAX requests for dynamic data generation.
    - Responsive design via HTML and mobile first Bootstrap library. 

#### Database

    - NA, all data is generated by the api handler calculations. 

#### Test

    - Basic API tests written with Chai & Mocha testing framework.